(theme music)
SUMMER TIME RENDERING
Ushioh! Don't let them get us!
Don't worry! It's a piece of cake!
I'm back and better than ever!
(laughs)
Thanks, Gil.
Oh.
(waves crashing)
(tense music)
MASAHITO: My armor won't come back.
They blasted it off of me.
She got rid of the strays in an instant
by hacking them with a touch of her hair.
Looks like you've grown Irregular.
(scoffs)
You snuck up behind me last time too,
-but this time, I won't lose!
-Hold on!
(static)
USHIOH: My hacking can destroy the armor.
Shide's just a human inside.
If I can break his armor,
I'll finish him this time!
HEINE: That's what you think.
MASAHITO: These events
are slightly unexpected.
They just transferred her memories
in order to revive her.
HEINE: We should have killed her then.
No point in looking back.
Let's focus on the present.
We avoided the worst case scenario
fighting two Ushiohs.
Mm.
(static)
Ushioh, your growth
has been disrupting our progress.
But now it's an opportune time
to kill you.
(grunts)
Her blade is definitely threatening.
Isn't it?
MASAHITO: If I use my echo, then I would
only be risking losing my armor.
(yelling)
However, my blade...
Can take your life!
-(static)
-MIOH: Stop it.
Huh?
(yelps)
Why? Mioh? Mioh... Huh? What? Hey!
USHIOH: Why are you getting in my way?
(grunts)
Calm down, Sis, will ya?
No, let me punch him at least!
Aah!
Seriously? That's your strategy?
Wow, Shinpei.
Welcome back. I'm glad you're all right.
(grunts)
(gasps)
USHIOH: Shinpei, your leg...
SHINPEI: I fell hard on it just now.
It's nothing, really. It's just a leg.
Take care of her, okay, Shin-chan?
Yeah.
Shide!
SHIDE: Yes?
Where do you think I came from?
Wanna guess?
Uh...
What did you say?
As expected, looks like you don't know.
That means I can hide
the handprints location
when I'm inside Gil.
(gasps)
SHINPEI: Later.
Don't let him shoot!
(gunshot)
(gasps)
Huh?
No way.
(gunshot)
TOKIKO: Gil is usually
in the form of this pacifier.
Toss it for him to appear.
Can I try?
Go ahead.
Here.
Hm? Huh?
(whimpers)
(thuds)
Sorry! Are you okay there, Sou?
(Shinpei gasps)
SHINPEI: Is he dead?
TOKIKO: No.
SHINPEI: What's it like inside?
It's pretty creepy, and it's pitch black,
and you can't see a thing,
but I could hear sounds from outside.
TOKIKO: It's pitch black,
'cause Gil has no eyes.
But he's got good hearing,
so you can leave the fighting to him.
SHINPEI:
With Ryunosuke's two second foresight,
Gil might give me a chance against Shide.
You'll feel it, if Gil takes any damage
or hurt in anyway
while you're synced together.
So you have to be really careful.
We just need to confirm if we can disable
the handprint signal that inside of Gil.
That's right.
Heine would be able to detect
if the signal is gone.
I don't wanna give her too much time.
SHINPEI: Yeah, I want at least two hours.
Okay, but won't they notice Gil?
Gil's presence is just
like any other stray,
so even if he shouldn't be there,
they won't spot him among others.
SOU: Hide leaves in a forest, right?
NEZU: What if they find out?
SOU: Is there a Plan B or C?
We'll play it by ear.
Huh?
SHINPEI: Let's just be ready
for any possibility.
Hmm, I like it.
No matter what happens,
I'm bringing her back.
(gasps)
-SHINPEI: I'm back.
-NEZU: Hm?
Shinpei. You're back.
SOU: Really? Shinpei?
How did it go? Ushioh?
(gasps)
Huh, Shinpei?
I would've thought Shinpei was hiding
in a stray to search and find Ushioh
and take two Ushiohs with him
to attack Hiruko's Grotto.
SHADOW SHINPEI: But that's not it.
So you looped, Heine.
Do you mind sharing what you saw?
SHADOW SHINPEI: He found his answer.
(static)
(both gasp)
SOU: Ushioh!
Everyone, I'm back.
-Welcome back.
Hmm.
Where do you think I came from?
Wanna guess?
It's Hiruko's Grotto. That's it.
That bastard must have set
the restart point there.
SHADOW SHINPEI: That's why he was hiding
in the stray for two hours.
He used the loop to bring Ushioh back,
to go for my throat.
This is the right moment,
let's destroy Hiruko's body.
-(cicadas chirping)
-(faint festive music playing)
-SHADOW MAKI: Karikiri.
-Mm-hm?
The portable shrine is almost ready.
MASAHITO: Ah! Wait a second!
-(Masahito groans)
-Huh?
Oh, this hurts! It hurts.
Kogaito, I have the worst stomach ache!
-(Masahito grumbling)
-SHADOW MAKI: Are you okay?
MASAHITO: No, no, no.
I can't do this! I got the runs!
I need to go to the bathroom.
Oh, my. Want some waka-med?
-(static)
-(gasps)
SHINPEI: Take care of the rest.
I hope he'll be all right.
It's flat outside, but normal inside.
It feels weird.
I wonder if they figured out our plans.
Maybe, and that's what we want.
They'll have no choice
but to focus on dealing with us first.
And until we're dealt with,
they can't proceed
with their planned massacre.
-(rumbles)
-(gasps)
Gil feels the presence of a shadow.
At two o'clock, 65 feet ahead.
TOKIKO: They did figure it out.
(grunts)
TOKIKO: Something shot at us!
Something like needles. Teeth?
They're trying to pin the shadow!
(both gasp)
Tokiko! I'll go out and fight.
It's fine. I have it under control.
(rumbling)
TOKIKO: Now, you all go ahead.
I can handle this by myself.
SOU: What? We can't just leave you here!
I told you to go already!
Quit wasting your time here!
-(gasps)
-Hmm...
Got it.
Thanks, Tokiko.
TOKIKO: No. I should thank you.
Thank you very much, dear Shinpei.
You forgave me, of all people.
Tokiko.
Don't die.
You too, brother. And Sou,
try not to get in anyone's way now.
(snarling)
Heine forced you to wake up and fight.
Let's go, Gil.
We'll let this baby
rest in peace for good.
SHINPEI: A dead end!
SOU: No, Hiruko's burrow
was on the other side.
SHINPEI: Yeah, this wall is new.
This is extremely strange, guys.
I can't sense anything through it.
It's a stray mud wall.
(gasps)
SHINPEI: They're fast approaching
from the sea and shrine grounds.
(screeching)
-Move.
-Huh?
(gunshot)
Huh?
There's blood.
NEZU: It heals itself.
I'll give it a try.
(static)
(gasps)
Don't touch it!
-Huh?
-(electricity crackles)
(groans)
SHINPEI; Ushioh. Your hand.
That was close.
It almost managed to hack me back.
USHIOH: This wall is made
of Hiruko's flesh.
SOU: Damn it! We've come so far!
Hiruko is right there, too!
We can bomb the wall.
Bomb it? But we don't have one.
MIOH: Sure we do.
SOU: Mioh.
I had Mioh steal something.
Specifically for this occasion.
(chuckles)
Those are...
SOU AND USHIOH: Fireworks!
SHIDE: Where's Shinpei now?
SHADOW SHINPEI: The barrier.
They just made contact.
He chose such a sweet spot.
If his restart point was too far,
his attack wouldn't have been a surprise.
But if he was too close,
he knew you would have sensed him.
Let's hurry. My long life
has taught me something.
There is not one that hadn't been broken.
MASAHITO: That's how a wall goes.
(fireworks popping)
(explosion)
Did it work?
Mm.
Let's go.
It smells like gunpowder
and grilled steak.
Don't say that.
Now I can't eat steak again.
SHINPEI: I also smell raspberry and rum.
It doesn't smell that good!
-(gasps)
-(yelps)
SHINPEI; Nezu! Get down!
-Hm?
-(gunshots)
(thrilling music)
-(squelches)
-SHIDE: Give me a break!
-(gunshot)
Don't you worry about me.
Go before the hole closes.
You wanna die, old man?
Whenever you feel any doubt,
do what your future self would do.
NEZU: Then you won't have any regrets.
Please hold him here.
Mm. Say hi to Ryunosuke.
NEZU: You're so pathetic.
Masahito? Or is it Iwao?
Which one are you?
SHIDE: Doesn't matter which version.
NEZU: Hm?
SHIDE: Move aside. I don't want
my childhood friend to die.
NEZU: Don't underestimate me.
If you wanna keep going,
you're gonna have to kill me first!
(squishing)
(grunts)
(approaching footsteps)
-(squealing)
-(groaning)
-USHIOH: Shinpei?
-SHINPEI: Aah!
Ugh! My head is going to split.
It's Hiruko's presence.
I see, you must be feeling
the shadows presence now,
aren't you, Shinpei?
Mother continuously emits a signal
to control the shadows.
MIOH: Once Sis tweaked me,
it couldn't control me anymore.
Then Mother's comforting sound
became an unbearable screech.
We shadows have the ability
to completely erase the sound,
but Shin-chan can't.
No way.
MIOH: Let's make this quick.
Ushioh, are you okay?
(Shinpei grunts)
I'm fine. Just try to focus
on my presence.
(Shinpei grunts)
-(chiming)
-(squealing)
(gasps)
SHINPEI: The ringing stopped.
Looks like Mother's signal
is getting weaker.
SHINPEI: It stopped.
Right?
SHINPEI: Thanks.
MIOH: Sis emitted the same frequency
to neutralize it.
How can she do that?
SHINPEI: Ushioh.
USHIOH: Right. Let's finish this.
We used up all the fireworks.
It's okay.
No problem. We've still got my fists,
and they're not about to run out of amo.
Sounds like a plan.
One more thing. Listen up.
Huh?
Ryunosuke can see two seconds ahead.
So follow my line of sight.
(suspenseful music)
Shide! We'll finish this right now!
MASAHIRO: She moved her hair
so fast it broke the barrier.
(grunts)
USHIOH: Too shallow.
SHINPEI: He can detect Ushioh's movements.
(grunts)
Heine's back from the shrine.
SHADOW SHINPEI: Just like I thought.
He is two seconds ahead.
When Shinpei has his left eye closed,
I can sense Ryunosuke inside him.
That's how he dodged Shide's attacks
in the last loop.
If he wanted, he could strengthen
his body, too, just like Hizuru.
Shinpei gained the power to fight us.
That's what gave him such confidence.
You really never quit, Hizuru, do you?
(tense music)
SHINPEI: As long as Heine's watching me,
Ryunosuke's foresight isn't an advantage.
If I foresee and tell Ushioh,
Heine can observe that.
But that's fine.
They know how powerful Ushioh is.
Shide knows that one hit from her
would be fatal.
That's why they have to focus on her.
That's when we get Heine to the kill zone.
(grunts)
SHINPEI: We'll trap Heine there.
SHADOW SHINPEI:
I can almost smell your bloodlust, Mioh.
(grunts)
SHADOW SHINPEI: I can detect all shadows
from this distance.
For instance, there's a nail gun copy
behind the rocks.
-Which means someone is hiding back there.
-(gunshot)
Sou!
(nails rattle)
SHADOW SHINPEI: What?
This is the kill zone!
(squelches)
SHINPEI: Yes!
(groaning)
SHADOW SHINPEI: I can't move.
Sou? I didn't sense him.
Of course. He's human.
His nail gun must be Nezu's original.
The gun I sensed was Ushioh's copy.
A decoy.
No, this isn't the time
to analyze things.
It hurts. It hurts. Bird's-eye view.
Where did I go wrong?
Stop.
What's important now
is what's happening in two seconds.
I need to warn Shide.
I told you. You can't keep
taking us lightly forever, Shide.
(giggles)
You pathetic human.
This is so much fun!
(yells)
(snarling)
USHIOH: I can sense it all.
Heine's pain. Thirst. Sadness. Loneliness.
(Sou shouts)
(Sou grunts)
(whimpers)
(gunshots)
USHIOH: You want to go home,
where time and death don't exist.
You'll be with your family,
the people you love, forever.
-(yelling)
-It would be so nice.
But unfortunately,
I'll never understand you.
No! No!
These hands of yours
are not made to hurt people.
HITOBUCHI: I want you to use them
to hold hands and to hug.
USHIOH: We...
MASAHITO: It's disappearing.
The mud, the armor Heine gave me.
They got Heine.
Heine!
(knife pierces)
I will disappear when Mother dies.
-Bye-bye, Shin-chan.
-(static)
Ushioh!
(gasps)
SHINPEI: Ushioh!
USHIOH: Why is it, Shinpei?
Huh?
USHIOH: I killed the bad guy.
It's all over.
But I can't stop crying.
Ushioh. Your right eye...
(gasps)
(groaning)
SOU: Shinpei!
MIOH: Wait.
Sis and I, it's obvious,
we haven't disappeared.
Mother is still alive.
Wait, what?
You went easy on her, Sister.
It's hot. My right eye.
USHIOH: Shinpei!
SHINPEI: From my right eye
and Ushioh's right eye,
-I can feel the presence.
-(gasps)
SHIDE: How wonderful.
-Shide.
It... It can't be.
Why is he still moving?
MIOH: We killed both of him.
(gasps)
Is he immortal?
(closing theme music)